Right now in our application we are able to navigate around.
We are able to do that without reloading the page.
Now let's have a look at the information we actually get in the components for loading because re-act
router gives us some extra information about the loaded roud fruit props.
Let's look at posts there in component that Mount which will be executed each time we changed a page
because the component is really removed and added to the DOM all the time.
There we not only reach out to the Web.
Let's also output the props we have by simply putting these props.
Now let's have a look at what we got here.
If you go to home now disaster props object and history location and match.
This is not something we set up.
This is passed by re-act router.
No match.
Give us some information about the match drought you saw that we defined it to be exact the path and
you are alid found therefore and potential parents all come back to what parents are later.
You get more information about the location and dare you see for example the search.
Parents we set up or something like that and the hash fragment and the history the history Optik also
has some methods we can use like push to interact with that and push a new page programmatically without
needing a link component.
This is all something I will show you later.
Now let's go back to our components and let's also lock the props in the new post.
There we also therefore can add component did mount and insight there.
I now also want to output the props because there we should see more information regarding the fragment
and the search parens.
So let's click on new post and inspect the Propst there and now see under match the path we found there.
You see that it also is a exact match.
Now we didn't set up exact matching here.
We don't have the exact option but we are on new post.
If I were on new post to I added this manually it would still render this because we didn't set up exact
matching but it would also see that we don't have an exact match in the match property.
So this really tells us is the full u r l the full path.
The path we set up in the conflict or not we also got more information on the location.
You'll see the search at this you added at the end and you could manual you parse this to retrieve the
query parens.
And you see your hash fragment to which you could then use to jump to a certain part of your page or
as smoothly scroll there whatever you want.
So this is some additional information we get.
This is part of the props and you can use that to for example extract your equerry parents moved to
a hashed fragment or do whatever else you need to do.
We will later see how we used this history object to use a method that provides us.